Question: Find Kth distinct character from start of given word
Given a word containing any characters,numbers,etc. Print the Kth distinct character from the start of the word.
If K is more than the length of the string or if k is more than number of distinct characters of the given word, print invalid.

code explanation:
A java program where I use scanner to get the String word and k value from the user.
len = length of original string and other basic initializations done.
if k value is more than the lenght of original string, then print invalid and terminate program.
otherwise, run a loop from i = 0 to i = k - 1, by incrementing i by 1 at the end of every loop.
loop:
If at any point of the loop, k is more than length of String s(because the length of s could vary everytime), then print invalid and terminate the program.
char ch is the ith character of the string s(the given word).
String w is the part of string s from the ith position of string s. for example If s = "string" and i = 2, w = "ring".(as ith position is 2).
This is the main line of the entire program: 
Basically we are dividing the string s into to parts. In first part, we are keeping the string as it is till the ith position. 
For example for String "Boolean", if i = 1, we separate it as B(s.substring(0,i+1)) and oolean(String w) where ch = 'o'(first o).
Now in String w, we replace the character which ch is holding, which in this case is 'o' by null string causing to remove all the
duplicates of the character and hence the String's length diminishes. Now w = "lean". And we concatenate the first part of String s
with the new w string. In this case, "B" + "lean" = "Blean". whre ch still holds 'o' value.
Now we assign the ch value to the String distinct.(This is for i = 1, when i = 0, distinct = "B")
end of loop.
Like this we remove the duplicate characters and assign "distinct" to only distinct characters.
Lastly, if i value = k value (loop has completed), then String "distinct" holds the kth distinct value.

Sample I/o
Enter String
boolean
Enter the kth distinct character
4
The 4th distinct character is: e

Enter String
cross-section
Enter the kth distinct character
6
The 6th distinct character is: e

Enter String
boolean
Enter the kth distinct character
7
Invalid (as there are only 6 distinct characters)